Chrome Online Agreement

Last modified: September 17, 2024 | Previous Versions

If you signed an offline variant of this Agreement for use of the Chrome Services, the

terms below do not apply to you and your offline terms govern your use of the Chrome

Services.

This Chrome Online Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into between Google and

the entity agreeing to these terms ("Customer"). "Google" has the meaning given

at https://cloud.google.com/terms/google-entity.

This Agreement is effective as of the date Customer clicks to accept it or, if applicable,

the date the Agreement is countersigned (the "Effective Date"). If you are accepting on

behalf of your employer or another entity, you represent and warrant that: (i) you have full

legal authority to bind your employer or the applicable entity to these terms; (ii) you have

read and understand this Agreement; and (iii) you agree on behalf of the party that you

represent to this Agreement. This Agreement governs Customer's access to and use of

the Chrome Services as ordered in the applicable Order Form.

1. Chrome Services. Google will provide the Chrome Services ordered in the

applicable Order Form. Customer may use the Chrome Services ordered in the 
applicable Order Form in accordance with this Agreement.

1. Facilities and Data Transfer. All facilities used to store and process

Customer Data will adhere to reasonable security standards no less 
protective than the security standards at facilities where Google stores 
and processes its own information of a similar type. As part of providing 
the Chrome Services, Google may transfer, store and process Customer 
Data in the United States or any other country in which Google or its 
agents maintain facilities. By using the Chrome Services, Customer 
consents to this transfer, processing and storage of Customer Data. To 
the extent applicable, Customer Data will be processed in accordance 
with the Data Processing Amendment.



2. No Ads. Notwithstanding any other term of the Agreement, Google will

not process Customer Data for Advertising purposes or serve Advertising 
in the Chrome Services.

3. New Features for Chrome Services. Google may make new

applications, features or functionality for the Chrome Services available 
from time to time, the use of which may be contingent upon Customer's 
agreement to additional terms.

4. Verification to Use Chrome Services. Customer must verify a Domain

Email Address or a Domain Name to use the Chrome Services. If 
Customer does not have audited valid permission to use the Domain 
Email Address or does not own or control the Domain Name, then Google 
will have no obligation to provide Customer with the Chrome Services 
and may delete the Account without notice. To use the Chrome Services, 
Customer will need Cloud Identity. If Customer already has Cloud 
Identity, Customer can log-in and start using the Chrome Services. If 
Customer does not have Cloud Identity, Google will provision Customer 
with access to Cloud Identity. Customer will need to activate Cloud 
Identity by logging-in to create and complete Customer's Cloud Identity 
account. Use of Cloud Identity (specifically excluding the Chrome 
Services) is subject to the Cloud Identity Terms.

5. Service Specific Terms. The Service Specific Terms are incorporated

by this reference into the Agreement.

2. Modifications.

1. Modifications to Chrome Services.

1. Deprecation Policy. Google will notify Customer at least 12

months before a Significant Deprecation unless Google 
reasonably determines that: (i) Google is not permitted to do so 
by law or by contract (including if there is a change in 
applicable law or contract), or (ii) continuing to provide the 
Chrome Service that is subject to the Significant Deprecation 
could create a (A) security risk or (B) substantial economic or 
technical burden.

2. Other Modifications. Subject to Section 2.1.1 (Deprecation

Policy), Google may make changes to the Chrome Services, 
which may include adding, updating, or discontinuing any 
Chrome Services or portions of feature(s) of the Chrome 
Services. Google will notify Customer of any material change to 
the Chrome Services.



2. Modifications to the Agreement. Google may change the terms of this

Agreement from time to time and will post any such changes 
at https://chromeenterprise.google/terms/chrome-online-agreement . 
These changes will only take effect at the beginning of Customer's next 
Order Term, at which time Customer's continued use of the Chrome 
Services will constitute its acceptance of the changes. This Section 2.2 
(Modifications to the Agreement) does not apply to changes to URL 
Terms.

3. Modifications to URL Terms. Google may update the URL Terms,

provided the updates do not (a) result in a material degradation of the 
overall security of the Chrome Services, (b) have a material adverse 
impact on Customer's rights under the URL Terms. Google will notify 
Customer of any material updates to URL Terms.

3. Customer Obligations.

1. Compliance. Customer will (a) ensure that Customer and its End Users'

use of the Chrome Services, including all access to and use of Customer 
Data by it and its End Users, complies with this Agreement and with any 
of its applicable contract terms or policies, including any employment 
contracts or employer's policies regarding technology usage, security, or 
confidentiality; (b) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent 
unauthorized access or use of the Chrome Services; and (c) promptly 
notify Google of any unauthorized use of, or access to, the Chrome 
Services of which Customer becomes aware. Google reserves the right 
to investigate any potential violation of the AUP by Customer, which may 
include reviewing Customer Data.

2. Administration of Chrome Services.

1. Admin Console. Google will provide Customer access to the

Admin Console for the Administrator to manage its use of the 
Chrome Services. Customer may use the Admin Console to 
specify one or more Administrators who will have the rights to 
access Admin Account(s) and to administer the policies for End 
Users. Customer is responsible for: (a) maintaining the 
confidentiality and security of the End User policies and 
associated passwords; and (b) any use of the End User policies. 
Customer agrees that Google's responsibilities do not extend 
to the internal management or administration of the policies for 
the Chrome Services for Customer or any End Users.

2. Consents. Customer will obtain and maintain all required

consents to permit: (i) Customer's use of the Chrome Services;



and (ii) Google's accessing, storing, and processing of 
Customer Data under this Agreement.

3. Use Restrictions. Customer will not, and will not allow End Users or third

parties under its control to: (a) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, 
reverse engineer, decompile, translate, disassemble, or otherwise 
attempt to extract any of the source code of the Chrome Services 
(except to the extent such restriction is expressly prohibited by 
applicable law); (b) license, transfer or distribute any of the Chrome 
Services; (c) sell, resell, or otherwise make the Chrome Services available 
to a third party as part of a commercial offering that does not have 
material value independent of the Chrome Services; or (d) access or use 
the Chrome Services: (i) for High Risk Activities; (ii) in violation of the 
AUP; (iii) in a manner intended to avoid incurring Fees; (iv) for materials or 
activities that are subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations 
(ITAR) maintained by the United States Department of State; (v) in a 
manner that breaches, or facilitates the breach of, Export Control Laws; 
or (vi) to transmit, store, or process protected health information subject 
to United States HIPAA regulations except as permitted by an executed 
HIPAA BAA.

4. Requesting Additional End User Accounts During Order Term.

Customer may purchase additional End User Accounts during an Order 
Term by: (a) executing an additional Order Form with Google or Reseller, 
as applicable, or (b) via the Admin Console, if applicable. Such additional 
End User Accounts will have a pro-rated term ending on the last day of 
the applicable Order Term.

4. Payment.

1. Orders via Reseller. If Customer orders the Chrome Services from

Reseller, then: (a) fees for the Chrome Services will be set between 
Customer and Reseller, and any payments will be made directly to 
Reseller under the Reseller Agreement; (b) the remaining provisions in 
Section 4.2 (Direct Orders) will not apply to the Chrome Services; (c) 
Customer may request additional End User Accounts during the Order 
Term by contacting Reseller; (d) for the purposes of Section 13.1.2 where 
the event giving rise to Liability is in connection with Chrome Services 
provided by a Reseller, the term "Fees" as it is used under Section 13.1.2 
refers to the fees charged by the Reseller under the Reseller Agreement 
and (e) Google may share Customer Confidential Information with 
Reseller as a Delegate subject to Section 7.1 (Confidentiality Obligations) 
of this Agreement.

2. Direct Orders. In certain circumstances, Customer may order Chrome

Products directly from Google via an Order Form or via the Admin



Console directly, in which case, Customer will pay all Fees for the 
Chrome Services directly to Google. Google will invoice Customer all 
Fees for the Chrome Services. Google may change its offering of billing 
options, including by limiting or ceasing to offer any billing option, upon 
thirty days' written notice to Customer (which may be by email).

1. Payment. All payments due are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise

indicated on the Order Form or invoice.

2. Credit Card or Debit Card. Fees for orders where Customer is

paying with a credit card, debit card or other non-invoice form 
of payment, are due at the end of the month during which 
Customer received the Chrome Services. For credit cards, or 
debit cards, as applicable: (i) Google will charge Customer for 
all applicable Fees when due and (ii) these Fees are considered 
overdue thirty days after the end of the month during which 
Customer received the Chrome Services.

3. Invoices. Payments for invoices are due thirty days after the

invoice date, unless otherwise specified on the Order Form, 
and are considered overdue after such date.

4. Other Forms of Payment. Unless the payment method is

specified in the Order Form, Customer may change its 
payment method to those available within the Admin Console. 
Google may enable other forms of payment by making them 
available in the Admin Console. These other forms of payment 
may be subject to additional terms which Customer may have 
to accept prior to using the additional forms of payment.

5. Overdue Payments. Customer's payment of Fees is overdue if

Google has not received it by the payment due date. If 
Customer's payment is overdue, Google may (i) charge interest 
on the overdue amount at 1.5% per month (or the highest rate 
permitted by law, if less) from the payment due date until paid 
in full, and (ii) suspend the Chrome Services. Further, Customer 
will reimburse Google for all reasonable expenses (including 
attorneys' fees) incurred by Google in collecting overdue 
payments, except where such payments are due to Google's 
billing inaccuracies.

6. Taxes. Taxes are not included in the Fees. Customer will pay

Taxes for the Chrome Services. If legally required, Customer 
will withhold Taxes from its payments to Google and provide a 
withholding Tax certificate. Unless Customer provides a timely 
and valid tax exemption certificate, Customer will pay any



invoiced Taxes for the Chrome Services. Without limiting 
Customer's obligation to pay Fees, Customer will withhold 
Taxes if legally required.

3. Price Revisions. Google may modify its Prices at any time unless

otherwise expressly agreed in an addendum or Order Form. Google or 
the Reseller will notify Customer at least 30 days in advance of any Price 
increases.

5. Technical Support Services. Google will provide TSS to Customer during the

Order Term in accordance with the TSS Guidelines, if applicable. If Customer 
orders the Chrome Services from Reseller, then Customer acknowledges and 
agrees that Reseller may disclose Customer Data to Google as reasonably required 
in order for Reseller to handle any support issues that Customer escalates to or via 
Reseller.

6. Suspension.

1. Limitations on Chrome Services Suspension. Google may Suspend

Chrome Services as described in Sections 6.2 (AUP Breaches) and 6.3 
(Emergency Suspension). Any Suspension under those Sections will be 
to the minimum extent and for the shortest duration required to: (a) 
prevent or terminate the offending use, (b) prevent or resolve the 
Emergency Security Issue, or (c) comply with applicable law.

2. AUP Breaches. If Google becomes aware that Customer's or any End

User's use of the Chrome Services breaches the AUP, Google will 
request that Customer correct the breach. If Customer fails to correct 
such breach within 24 hours of such request, or if Google is otherwise 
required by law to take action, then Google may Suspend the Chrome 
Services.

3. Emergency Suspension. Google may immediately Suspend Customer's

use of the Chrome Services if: (a) there is an Emergency Security Issue, 
or (b) Google is required to Suspend such use to comply with applicable 
law. At Customer's request, unless prohibited by law, Google will notify 
Customer of the basis for the Suspension as soon as is reasonably 
possible.

7. Confidentiality.

1. Obligations. Subject to Section 7.2 (Disclosure of Confidential

Information) the recipient will use the other party's Confidential 
Information only to exercise rights and fulfill obligations under this 
Agreement. The recipient will use reasonable care to protect against 
disclosure of the other party's Confidential Information to other parties 
other than the recipient's employees, Affiliates, agents, or professional



advisors ("Delegates") who need to know it and who have a legal 
obligation to keep it confidential. The recipient will ensure that its 
Delegates are also subject to the same non-disclosure and use 
obligations.

2. Disclosure of Confidential Information.

1. General. Regardless of any other provision in the Agreement,

the recipient or its Affiliates may disclose the other party's 
Confidential Information (i) in accordance with a Legal Process, 
subject to Section 7.2.2 (Legal Process Notification) or (ii) with 
the other party's written consent.

2. Legal Process Notification. The recipient will use

commercially reasonable efforts to notify the other party before 
disclosing that party's Confidential Information in accordance 
with Legal Process. Notice is not required before disclosure if 
the recipient is informed that (i) it is legally prohibited from 
giving notice or (ii) the Legal Process relates to exceptional 
circumstances involving danger of death or serious physical 
injury.

3. Opposition. The recipient and its Affiliates will comply with the

other party's reasonable requests to oppose disclosure of its 
Confidential Information.

8. Intellectual Property.

1. Intellectual Property Rights. Except as expressly stated in the

Agreement, the Agreement does not grant either party any rights, implied 
or otherwise, to the other's content or Intellectual Property. As between 
the parties, Customer retains all Intellectual Property Rights in Customer 
Data, and Google retains all Intellectual Property Rights in the Chrome 
Services.

2. Brand Features. Google will display only those Customer Brand

Features that Customer authorizes Google to display by uploading them 
into the Chrome Services. Google will display those Customer Brand 
Features within designated areas of the web pages displaying the 
Chrome Services to Customer or its End Users. Google may also display 
Google Brand Features on such web pages to indicate that the Chrome 
Services are provided by Google.

3. Feedback. At its option, Customer may provide Feedback about the

Chrome Services to Google. If Customer provides Feedback, then 
Google and its Affiliates may use that Feedback without restriction and 
without obligation to Customer.



9. Marketing and Publicity. Each party may use the other party's Brand Features in

connection with this Agreement only as permitted in the Agreement. Customer 
may state publicly that it is a Google customer and display Google Brand Features 
in accordance with the Trademark Guidelines. Google may (a) orally state that 
Customer is a Google customer and (b) include Customer's name or Customer 
Brand Features in a list of Google customers in Google's promotional materials. 
Any use of a party's Brand Features will inure to the benefit of the party holding 
Intellectual Property Rights to those Brand Features. A party may revoke the other 
party's right to use its Brand Features with written notice to the other party and a 
reasonable period to stop the use.

10. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimers.

1. Representations and Warranties. Each party represents that it: (a) has

full power and authority to enter into the Agreement; and (b) will comply 
with all laws and regulations applicable to its provision, or use, of the 
Chrome Services, as applicable.

2. Disclaimers. Except as expressly provided for in the Agreement, to the

fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Google (a) does not make any 
other warranties of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or 
otherwise, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular 
use, noninfringement, or error-free or uninterrupted use of the Chrome 
Services; and (b) makes no representation about content or information 
made accessible through the Chrome Services. Unless otherwise stated 
in Agreement, Customer acknowledges the Chrome Services are not 
capable of placing or receiving emergency services calls.

11. Term and Termination.

1. Agreement Term. This Agreement will remain in effect for the Term

unless it expires or is terminated in accordance with the Agreement.

2. Renewal. At the end of each Order Term, the Chrome Services will

renew consistent with Customer's elections on the Order Form or Admin 
Console.

3. Generally. Customer may alter the number of End User Accounts to be

renewed via the Admin Console or elect to renew with the Reseller, as 
applicable. Customer will continue to pay Google or the Reseller the 
then-current Fees for each renewed End User Account unless Customer 
and Google mutually agree otherwise. If one party does not want the 
Chrome Services to renew, then it will provide the other party written 
notice to this effect at least fifteen days before the end of the then 
current Order Term, unless otherwise specified on the Order Form. This 
notice of non renewal will be effective upon the conclusion of the then 
current Order Term.



4. Termination for Breach. Either party may terminate the Agreement if the

other party: (a) is in material breach of the Agreement and fails to cure 
that breach within thirty days after receipt of written notice; or (b) ceases 
its business operations or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
becomes subject to insolvency proceedings and the proceedings are not 
dismissed within ninety days.

5. Effects of Termination. If the Agreement terminates or expires, then all

Order Forms also terminate or expire, as applicable. If the Agreement 
terminates or expires, then: (a) all rights and access to the Chrome 
Services under the Agreement will terminate (including access to 
Customer Data); and (b) Google or Reseller, as applicable, will send 
Customer a final invoice.

6. Survival. The following Sections will survive expiration or termination of

this Agreement: Section 4 (Payment), 7 (Confidentiality), 8 (Intellectual 
Property), 10.2 (Disclaimers), 11.5 (Effects of Termination), 11.6 (Survival), 
12 (Indemnification), 13 (Liability), 14 (Miscellaneous) and 15 (Definitions).

12. Indemnification.

1. Google Indemnification Obligations. Google will defend Customer and

its Affiliates participating under this Agreement ("Customer Indemnified 
Parties"), and indemnify them against Indemnified Liabilities in any ThirdParty Legal Proceeding to the extent arising from an allegation that 
Customer Indemnified Parties' use in accordance with this Agreement of 
any of Google Indemnified Materials infringes the third party's Intellectual 
Property Rights.

2. Customer Indemnification Obligations. Unless prohibited by applicable

law, Customer will defend Google and its Affiliates and indemnify them 
against Indemnified Liabilities in any Third-Party Legal Proceeding to the 
extent arising from: (a) any Customer Indemnified Materials; or (b) 
Customer's or an End User's use of the Chrome Services in violation of 
the Acceptable Use Policy or the Use Restrictions.

3. Indemnification Exclusions. Sections 12.1 (Google Indemnification

Obligations) and 12.2 (Customer Indemnification Obligations) will not 
apply to the extent the underlying allegation arises from: (a) the 
indemnified party's breach of the Agreement; or (b) a combination of 
Google Indemnified Materials or Customer Indemnified Materials (as 
applicable) with materials not provided by the indemnifying party under 
the Agreement, unless the combination is required by the Agreement.

4. Indemnification Conditions. Sections 12.1 (Google Indemnification

Obligations) and 12.2 (Customer's Indemnification Obligations) are 
conditioned on the following:



1. The indemnified party must promptly notify the indemnifying

party in writing of any allegation(s) that preceded the ThirdParty Legal Proceeding and cooperate reasonably with the 
indemnifying party to resolve the allegation(s) and Third-Party 
Legal Proceeding. If breach of this Section 12.4.1 prejudices the 
defense of the Third-Party Legal Proceeding, the indemnifying 
party's obligations under Sections 12.1 (Google Indemnification 
Obligations) or 12.2 (Customer Indemnification Obligations) (as 
applicable) will be reduced in proportion to the prejudice.

2. The indemnified party must tender sole control of the

indemnified portion of the Third-Party Legal Proceeding to the 
indemnifying party, subject to the following: (i) the indemnified 
party may appoint its own non-controlling counsel, at its own 
expense; and (ii) any settlement requiring the indemnified party 
to admit liability, pay money, or take (or refrain from taking) any 
action, will require the indemnified party's prior written consent, 
not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.

5. Remedies.

1. If Google reasonably believes the Chrome Services might

infringe a third party's Intellectual Property Rights, then Google 
may, at its sole option and expense: (i) procure the right for 
Customer to continue using the Chrome Services; (ii) modify 
the Chrome Services to make them non-infringing without 
materially reducing their functionality; or (iii) replace the 
Chrome Services with a non-infringing, functionally equivalent 
alternative.

2. If Google does not believe the remedies in Section 12.5.1 are

commercially reasonable, then Google may Suspend or 
terminate the impacted Chrome Services.

6. Sole Rights and Obligations. Without affecting either party's termination

rights and to the extent permitted by applicable law, this Section 12 
(Indemnification) states the parties' sole and exclusive remedy under this 
Agreement for any third party allegations of Intellectual Property Rights 
Infringement covered by this Section 12 (Indemnification).

13. Liability.

1. Limited Liabilities.

1. To the extent permitted by applicable law and subject to

Section 13.2 (Unlimited Liabilities), neither party will have any 
Liability arising out of or relating to the Agreement for any: (i)



lost revenues, profits, savings or goodwill; or (ii) indirect, 
special, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages.

2. Each party's total Liability for damages arising out of or relating

to the Agreement is limited to the greater of:

i. 
the Fees paid by Customer under the Agreement 
during the 12 month period before the event giving 
rise to liability; and

ii. 
$25,000.

2. Unlimited Liabilities. Nothing in the Agreement excludes or limits either

party's Liability for: (a) death or personal injury resulting from its 
negligence or the negligence of its employees or agents; (b) its fraud or 
fraudulent misrepresentation; (c) obligations under Section 12 
(Indemnification); (d) its infringement of the other party's Intellectual 
Property Rights; (e) its payment obligations under the Agreement; or (f) 
matters for which liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable 
law.

14. Miscellaneous.

1. Notices. Google may provide any notice to Customer by: (a) sending an

email to Notification Email Address or (b) posting a notice in the Admin 
Console. Notices to Google must be sent by email to legalnotices@google.com. Notice will be treated as received when (x) the 
email is sent, whether or not the other party has received the email or (y) 
notice is posted in the Admin Console. Customer is responsible for 
keeping its Notification Email Address current throughout the Term.

2. Emails. Under this Agreement, the parties may use emails to satisfy

written approval and consent requirements.

3. Assignment. Neither party may assign the Agreement without the

written consent of the other party, except to an Affiliate where: (a) the 
assignee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of the Agreement; 
(b) the assigning party remains liable for obligations incurred under the 
Agreement if the assignee defaults on them; and (c) the assigning party 
has notified the other party of the assignment. Any other attempt to 
assign is void.

4. Change of Control. If a party experiences a change of Control other than

as part of an internal restructuring or reorganization: (a) that party will 
give written notice to the other party within 30 days after the change of 
Control; and (b) the other party may immediately terminate the 
Agreement any time within 30 days after it receives that written notice.



5. Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for failure or delay in

performance of its obligations to the extent caused by circumstances 
beyond its control, including acts of God, natural disaster, terrorism, riots, 
or war.

6. Subcontracting. Google may subcontract obligations under the

Agreement but will remain liable to Customer for any subcontracted 
obligations.

7. No Waiver. Neither party will be treated as having waived any rights by

not exercising (or delaying the exercise of) any rights under the 
Agreement.

8. Severability. If any Section (or part of a Section) of the Agreement is

invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the rest of the Agreement will remain in 
effect.

9. No Agency. The Agreement does not create any agency, partnership or

joint venture between the parties.

10. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement does not confer any

benefits on any third party unless it expressly states that it does.

11. Equitable Relief. Nothing in this Agreement will limit either party's ability

to seek equitable relief.

12. Governing Law.

1. U.S. City, County, and State Government Entities. If

Customer is a U.S. city, county, or state government entity, 
then the Agreement will be silent regarding governing law and 
venue.

2. U.S. Federal Government Entities. If Customer is a U.S.

federal government entity, then the following applies: ALL 
CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT OR THE CHROME SERVICES WILL BE 
GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES. 
SOLELY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY FEDERAL LAW, (I) 
THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA (EXCLUDING 
CALIFORNIA'S CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES) WILL APPLY IN 
THE ABSENCE OF APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW AND (II) FOR 
ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT OR THE CHROME SERVICES, THE PARTIES 
CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN, AND THE 
EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF, THE COURTS IN SANTA CLARA 
COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.



3. For All Other Entities. If Customer is any entity not identified in

Section 14.12.1 (U.S. City, County, and State Government 
Entities) or 14.12.2 (U.S. Federal Government Entities), then the 
following applies: ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR 
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE CHROME 
SERVICES WILL BE GOVERNED BY CALIFORNIA LAW, 
EXCLUDING THAT STATE'S CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES, 
AND WILL BE LITIGATED EXCLUSIVELY IN THE FEDERAL OR 
STATE COURTS OF SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, 
USA; THE PARTIES CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION 
IN THOSE COURTS.

13. Amendments. Except as specifically stated otherwise in the Agreement,

any amendment to the Agreement must be in writing, expressly state 
that it is amending the Agreement and signed by both parties.

14. Independent Development. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed

to limit or restrict either party from independently developing, providing, 
or acquiring any materials, services, products, programs, or technology 
that are similar to the subject of the Agreement; provided, that the party 
does not breach its obligations under the Agreement in doing so.

15. Entire Agreement. The Agreement states all terms agreed between the

parties and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements 
between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. In 
entering into the Agreement, neither party has relied on, and neither party 
will have any right or remedy based on, any statement, representation, or 
warranty (whether made negligently or innocently), except those 
expressly stated in the Agreement. The Agreement includes URL links to 
other terms (including the URL Terms), which are incorporated by 
reference into the Agreement. After the Effective Date, Google may 
provide an updated URL in place of any URL in this Agreement.

16. Conflicting Terms. If there is a conflict between the documents that

make up this Agreement, the documents will control in the following 
order: the Data Processing Amendment, the Order Form, the Agreement, 
and the URL Terms.

17. Conflicting Languages. If this Agreement is translated into any other

language, and there is a discrepancy between the English text and the 
text of the other language, the English text will govern.

18. Counterparts. The parties may execute this Agreement in counterparts,

including facsimile, PDF or other electronic copies, which taken together 
will constitute one instrument.

19. Electronic Signatures. The parties consent to electronic signatures.



20. Headers. Headings and captions used in the Agreement are for

reference purposes only and will not have any effect on the interpretation 
of the Agreement.

15. Definitions.

"Acceptable Use Policy" or "AUP" means the acceptable use policy for the 
Chrome Services available at https://chromeenterprise.google/terms/aup/.  
 
"Account" means Customer's Google account credentials and correlating access 
to the Chrome Services under this Agreement.  
 
"Admin Account" means a type of End User Account that Customer (or Reseller, if 
applicable) may use to administer the Chrome Services.  
 
"Admin Console" means the online console(s) and tool(s) provided by Google to 
Customer for administering the Chrome Services.  
 
"Admin Console Order" means an order for Chrome Services placed directly 
through the Admin Console and accepted by Google.  
 
"Administrators" mean the Customer-designated technical personnel who 
administer the Policies for the Chrome Services on Customer's behalf, and may 
have the ability to access Customer Data.  
 
"Advertising" means online advertisements displayed by Google to End Users, 
excluding any advertisements Customer expressly chooses to have Google or any 
of its Affiliates display in connection with the Chrome Services under a separate 
agreement (for example, Google AdSense advertisements implemented by 
Customer on a website created by Customer using the "Google Sites" functionality 
within the Chrome Services).  
 
"Affiliate" means any entity that directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by, or 
is under common Control with a party.  
 
"Auto Update Expiration Date" or "AUE Date" means the date set forth on the 
applicable ChromeOS Device or as listed at the following 
link: https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/6220366 (where such content 
may be updated or modified by Google).  
 
"BAA" or "Business Associate Agreement" is an addendum to this Agreement 
covering the handling of Protected Health Information (as defined in HIPAA).  
 
"Brand Features" means each party's trade names, trademarks, logos, domain 
names, and other distinctive brand features.



"ChromeOS Device" means a device using the Chrome Operating System 
(ChromeOS).  
 
"ChromeOS Flex Device" means a non-ChromeOS Device using the ChromeOS 
Flex operating system, which model is included on the Certified Models list 
available at https://support.google.com/chromeosflex?p=certified_models and only 
prior to its "Certified until" date.  
 
"Chrome Services" also referred to as "Chrome Product" means Chrome 
Enterprise Upgrade, Chrome Education Upgrade, Chrome Nonprofit Upgrade, or 
Kiosk & Signage Upgrade, each of which are described in more detail 
at https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/2717664 (as may be updated by 
Google from time to time) and are only available for use on either (i) a ChromeOS 
Device prior to its AUE Date or (ii) a ChromeOS Flex Device prior to its Certified 
Until date. For clarity, ChromeOS Device(s), the Chrome Operating System 
(ChromeOS), ChromeOS Flex Device(s), and ChromeOS Flex are not Chrome 
Services and are not covered under this Agreement.  
 
"Chrome Services Start Date" means the date Google makes the Chrome 
Services available to Customer.  
 
"Cloud Identity" means the "Google Cloud Identity – Free" service described in 
more detail in https://cloud.google.com/terms/identity/user-features.html.  
 
"Cloud Identity Terms" means the terms which govern use of the Cloud IdentityFree services and which can be found at Service Specific Terms.  
 
"Confidential Information" means information that one party (or Affiliate) 
discloses to the other party under the Agreement, and that is marked as 
confidential or would normally be considered confidential information under the 
circumstances. Customer Data is Customer's Confidential Information. Confidential 
Information does not include information that is independently developed by the 
recipient, is shared with the recipient by a third party without confidentiality 
obligations, or becomes public through no fault of the recipient.  
 
"Control" means control of greater than 50% of the voting rights or equity interests 
of a party.  
 
"Customer Data" means data submitted, stored, sent or received via the Chrome 
Services by Customer, its Affiliates or End Users.  
 
"Customer Indemnified Materials" means the Customer Data and Customer 
Brand Features.



"Data Processing Amendment" or "DPA" means the agreement which governs 
Google's processing of Customer Data if Customer is subject to GDPR 
requirements and which terms can be found at the following 
URL: https://www.google.com/chrome/terms/dpa_terms.html.  
 
"Domain Email Address" means the email address on the Domain Name for use in 
connection with the Chrome Services.  
 
"Domain Name" means the domain name specified in the Order Form to be used 
in connection with the Chrome Services.  
 
"Emergency Security Issue" means either: (a) Customer's or End Users' use of 
the Chrome Services in violation of the Acceptable Use Policy, where such use 
could disrupt: (i) the Chrome Services; (ii) other customers' use of the Chrome 
Services; or (iii) the Google network or servers used to provide the Chrome 
Services; or (b) unauthorized third party access to the Chrome Services.  
 
"End User(s)" means the individuals Customer permits to use a ChromeOS device 
enrolled with Chrome Services managed by an Administrator.  
 
"End User Account" means a Google-hosted account established by Customer 
through its Administrator to set the policies for an End User to be included in the 
Chrome Services.  
 
"Export Control Laws" means all applicable export and re-export control laws and 
regulations, including (a) the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR") maintained 
by the U.S. Department of Commerce, (b) trade and economic sanctions 
maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, 
and (c) the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR") maintained by the U.S. 
Department of State.  
 
"Feedback" means feedback or suggestions about the Chrome Services provided 
to Google by Customer.  
 
"Fees" means the product of the amount of the Chrome Services used or ordered 
by Customer multiplied by the Prices, plus any applicable Taxes.  
 
"Google Indemnified Materials" means the Chrome Services and Google's Brand 
Features.  
 
"High Risk Activities" means activities where the use or failure of the Chrome 
Services could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental damage, including 
operation of nuclear facilities, air traffic control, life support systems, or weaponry.



"HIPAA" means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as 
may be amended from time to time, and any regulations issued thereunder.  
 
"including" means including but not limited to.  
 
"Indemnified Liabilities" means any (i) settlement amounts approved by the 
indemnifying party; and (ii) damages and costs finally awarded against the 
indemnified party and its Affiliates by a court of competent jurisdiction.  
 
"Intellectual Property" or "IP" means anything protectable by an Intellectual 
Property Right.  
 
"Intellectual Property Rights" means all patent rights, copyright, rights in trade 
secret (if any), trademark rights, design rights, database rights, domain name rights, 
moral rights, and any other intellectual property rights (registered or unregistered) 
throughout the world.  
 
"Legal Process" means an information disclosure request made under law, 
governmental regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, governmental regulatory 
or agency request, or other valid legal authority, legal procedure, or similar 
process.  
 
"Liability" means any liability, whether under contract, tort (including negligence), 
or otherwise, regardless of whether foreseeable or contemplated by the parties.  
 
"Notification Email Address" means the email address(es) designated by 
Customer in the Admin Console.  
 
"Order Form" means (i) if Customer orders via a Reseller, the online order page or 
pages, or other ordering document acceptable to Google under this Agreement, 
specifying the Chrome Services that Google will provide to Customer under a 
Reseller Agreement; (ii) an order form issued by Google and executed by Customer 
specifying the Chrome Services that Google will provide to Customer; or (iii) in the 
case of an Admin Console Order, the order specifying the Chrome Services that 
Google will provide to Customer.  
 
"Order Term" means the period of time starting on the Chrome Services Start 
Date for the Chrome Services and (i), continuing for the period indicated on the 
Order Form, subject to early termination in accordance with this Agreement, or (ii) 
for orders through the Admin Console, continuing for a period of one year.  
 
"Prices" means the applicable prices stated in an Order Form or amendment.



"Reseller" means, if applicable, the authorized non-Affiliate third party reseller that 
sells the Chrome Services to Customer.  
 
"Reseller Agreement" means the separate agreement between Customer and 
Reseller regarding the Chrome Services. The Reseller Agreement is independent of 
and outside the scope of this Agreement.  
 
"Service Specific Terms" means the terms specific to one or more other services, 
including Cloud Identity, at: https://chromeenterprise.google/terms/service-terms.  
 
"Significant Deprecation" means a material discontinue of or backwards 
incompatible change to the Chrome Services that results in Chrome Services no 
longer enabling Administrator or End Users, as applicable, to: (1) set or receive 
Chrome user policies; and (2) set or receive Chrome device policies.  
 
"Suspend" or "Suspension" means the disabling of access to or use of the 
Chrome Services, or components of the Chrome Services.  
 
"Taxes" means all government-imposed taxes, except for taxes based on 
Google's or Customer's net income, net worth, asset value, property value, or 
employment.  
 
"Term" means the period starting on the Effective Date and will remain in effect so 
long as there is an active Order Form, or in the case of direct ordering through the 
Admin Console, an active order.  
 
"Third-Party Legal Proceeding" means any formal legal proceeding filed by an 
unaffiliated third party before a court or government tribunal (including any 
appellate proceeding).  
 
"Trademark Guidelines" means Google's Brand Terms and Conditions, located 
at http://www.google.com/permissions/trademark/brand-terms.html.  
 
"TSS" means the technical support services provided by Google to Customer 
under the TSS Guidelines.  
 
"TSS Guidelines" means the then-current support service guidelines 
at: https://support.google.com/googlecloud/answer/6182373?hl=en.  
 
"URL Terms" means the Acceptable Use Policy, Service Specific Terms, and the 
TSS Guidelines.  
 
"Use Restrictions" means the restrictions in Section 3.3 (Use Restrictions) of the 
Agreement.



16. Region-Specific Terms. Customer agrees to the following modifications to the

Agreement if Customer orders Chrome Services from the applicable Google entity 
as described below:  
 
Asia Pacific - All regions  
 
Section 4.2.6 is replaced as follows:  
 
4.2.6 Taxes. Google will itemize any invoiced Taxes. If Taxes must be withheld 
from any payment to Google, then Customer will increase the payment to Google 
so that the net amount received by Google is equal to the amount invoiced, without 
reduction for Taxes.  
 
The definition of "Taxes" under Section 15 (Definitions) is replaced as follows:  
 
15 Definitions.  
 
"Taxes" means all government-imposed taxes, as per the applicable law 
associated with the rendering and performance of the Chrome Services, including 
but not limited to any duties, customs duties, and any direct or indirect taxes, 
including any related penalties or interest, except for taxes based on Google's 
profit.  
 
Asia Pacific - All regions excluding Australia, Japan, India, New Zealand, Singapore  
 
Section 14.12 (Governing Law) is replaced as follows:  
 
14.12 Governing Law; Arbitration 
 
(a) ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY 
RELATED GOOGLE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (INCLUDING ANY DISPUTE 
REGARDING THE INTERPRETATION OR PERFORMANCE OF THE AGREEMENT) 
("Dispute") WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, 
USA, EXCLUDING CALIFORNIA'S CONFLICTS OF LAWS RULES.  
 
(b) The parties will try in good faith to settle any Dispute within 30 days after the 
Dispute arises. If the Dispute is not resolved within 30 days, it must be resolved by 
arbitration by the American Arbitration Association's International Centre for 
Dispute Resolution in accordance with its Expedited Commercial Rules in force as 
of the date of this Agreement ("Rules").  
 
(c) The parties will mutually select one arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted 
in English in Santa Clara County, California, USA.



(d) Either party may apply to any competent court for injunctive relief necessary to 
protect its rights pending resolution of the arbitration. The arbitrator may order 
equitable or injunctive relief consistent with the remedies and limitations in the 
Agreement.  
 
(e) Subject to the confidentiality requirements in Subsection (g), either party may 
petition any competent court to issue any order necessary to protect that party's 
rights or property; this petition will not be considered a violation or waiver of this 
governing law and arbitration section and will not affect the arbitrator's powers, 
including the power to review the judicial decision. The parties stipulate that the 
courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, are competent to grant any order 
under this Subsection 14.12 (e).  
 
(f) The arbitral award will be final and binding on the parties and its execution may 
be presented in any competent court, including any court with jurisdiction over 
either party or any of its property.  
 
(g) Any arbitration proceeding conducted in accordance with this Section 14.12 will 
be considered Confidential Information under Section 7 (Confidential Information), 
including: (i) the existence of, (ii) any information disclosed during, and (iii) any oral 
communications or documents related to the arbitration proceedings. In addition to 
the disclosure rights under Section 7 (Confidential Information), the parties may 
disclose the information described in this Subsection 14.12 (g) to a competent court 
as may be necessary to file any order under Subsection 14.12 (e) or execute any 
arbitral decision, but the parties must request that those judicial proceedings be 
conducted in camera (in private).  
 
(h) The parties will pay the arbitrator's fees, the arbitrator's appointed experts' fees 
and expenses, and the arbitration center's administrative expenses in accordance 
with the Rules. In its final decision, the arbitrator will determine the non-prevailing 
party's obligation to reimburse the amount paid in advance by the prevailing party 
for these fees.  
 
(i) Each party will bear its own lawyers' and experts' fees and expenses, regardless 
of the arbitrator's final decision regarding the Dispute.  
 
Asia Pacific - Indonesia  
 
A new Section 11.7 is added:  
 
11.7 Termination Waiver. The parties agree to waive any provisions under any 
applicable laws to the extent that a court decision or order is required for the 
cancellation of this Agreement.



The Indonesian version of this Agreement is accessible here and Section 14.17 is 
replaced as follows:  
 
14.17 Conflicting Languages. This Agreement is made in the Indonesian and the 
English language. Both versions are equally authentic. In the event of any 
inconsistency or different interpretation between the Indonesian version and the 
English version, the parties agree to amend the Indonesian version to make the 
relevant part of the Indonesian version consistent with the relevant part of the 
English version.  
 
Asia Pacific - Australia  
 
A new Section 10.3 is added as follows:  
 
10.3. This Section 10.3 applies only if the Chrome Services are subject to statutory 
guarantees under the Australian Competition and Consumer Act 2010 ("ACCA"). 
Applicable laws, including the ACCA, may confer rights and remedies into this 
Agreement that cannot be excluded, and which are not excluded by this 
Agreement. To the extent that the applicable laws permit Google to limit their 
operation, Google's and its Affiliates' liability under those laws will be limited at its 
option, to the supply of the Chrome Services again, or payment of the cost of 
having the Chrome Services supplied again.  
 
Section 14.12.3 (Governing Law) is amended by inserting the following text at the 
end of that Section: "IF APPLICABLE LAW PREVENTS A DISPUTE FROM BEING 
RESOLVED IN A CALIFORNIA COURT, THEN CUSTOMER MAY FILE THE 
DISPUTE IN CUSTOMER'S LOCAL COURTS. IF APPLICABLE LAW PREVENTS 
CUSTOMER'S LOCAL COURT FROM APPLYING CALIFORNIA LAW TO RESOLVE 
A DISPUTE, THEN THE DISPUTE WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE APPLICABLE 
LOCAL LAWS OF CUSTOMER'S COUNTRY, STATE, OR OTHER PLACE OF 
RESIDENCE."  
 
Section 14.15 (Entire Agreement) is amended by inserting the following text at the 
end of that Section: "Nothing in this Agreement excludes a party's liability for prior 
written or oral misrepresentation."  
 
EMEA - All regions  
 
All instances of the words below are replaced as follows:  
 
"unauthorized" with "unauthorised"  
 
"authorizes" with "authorises"



"reorganization" with "reorganisation"  
 
Section 4.2.1 is replaced as follows:  
 
4.2.1 Payment. All payments due are in the currency indicated on the Order Form 
or invoice  
 
Section 4.2.5(i) is replaced as follows:  
 
(i) charge interest on the overdue amount at 1.5% per year above the base rate of 
Barclays Bank PLC from the payment due date until paid in full, and  
 
Section 4.2.6 is replaced as follows:  
 
4.2.6 Taxes. Taxes are not included in the Fees. Customer will pay Taxes for the 
Chrome Services.  
 
Section 13.1.2(ii) is replaced as follows  
 
(ii) £25,000  
 
Section 14.12 is replaced as follows:  
 
14.12 Governing Law.  
 
a. The Agreement and any dispute (contractual or non-contractual) concerning the 
Agreement or its subject matter or formation (a "Dispute") is/are governed by 
English law.  
 
b. Any Dispute will be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the rules 
of the LCIA, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this 
Section. The number of arbitrators will be three. The seat, or legal place, of 
arbitration will be London, England. The language to be used in the arbitration will 
be English.  
 
c. This Section 14.12 is without prejudice to the right of either party to apply to any 
court of competent jurisdiction for emergency, interim or injunctive relief.  
 
Latin America - all regions  
 
Section 14.12 is replaced as follows:  
 
14.12 Governing Law.



a. ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY 
RELATED GOOGLE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (INCLUDING ANY DISPUTE 
REGARDING THE INTERPRETATION OR PERFORMANCE OF THE AGREEMENT) 
("Dispute") WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, 
USA, EXCLUDING CALIFORNIA'S CONFLICTS OF LAWS RULES.  
 
b. The parties will try in good faith to settle any Dispute within 30 days after the 
Dispute arises. If the Dispute is not resolved within 30 days, it must be resolved by 
arbitration by the American Arbitration Association's International Centre for 
Dispute Resolution in accordance with its Expedited Commercial Rules in force as 
of the date of this Agreement ("Rules").  
 
c. The parties will mutually select one arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted 
in English in Santa Clara County, California, USA.  
 
d. The arbitrator may not decide by equity.  
 
e. Subject to the confidentiality requirements in Subsection (g), either party may 
petition any competent court, to issue any order necessary to protect that party's 
rights or property; this petition will not be considered a violation or waiver of this 
governing law and arbitration section and will not affect the arbitrator's powers, 
including the power to review the judicial decision. The parties stipulate that the 
courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, are competent to grant any order 
under this Subsection (e).  
 
f. The arbitral award will be final and binding on the parties and its execution may 
be presented in any competent court, including any court with jurisdiction over 
either party or any of its property.  
 
g. Any arbitration proceeding conducted in accordance with this Section will be 
considered Confidential Information under this Agreement's confidentiality section, 
including (i) the existence of, (ii) any information disclosed during, and (iii) any oral 
communications or documents related to the arbitration proceedings. The parties 
may also disclose the information described in this Subsection (g) to a competent 
court as may be necessary to file any order under Subsection (e) or execute any 
arbitral decision, but the parties must request that those judicial proceedings be 
conducted in camera (in private).  
 
h. The parties will pay the arbitrator's fees, the arbitrator's appointed experts' fees 
and expenses, and the arbitration center's administrative expenses in accordance 
with the Rules. In its final decision, the arbitrator will determine the non-prevailing 
party's obligation to reimburse the amount paid in advance by the prevailing party 
for these fees.



i. Each party will bear its own lawyers' and experts' fees and expenses, regardless 
of the arbitrator's final decision regarding the Dispute.